{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi!\
\
Welcome to MustHave iOS!  A new supplementary UI kit that will make you're Unity games feel like ACTUAL native iOS games.  Gain full custom access to the iOS UIKit with MustHave iOS.  This is available to you due to a new customized way for Unity and the iOS SDK to interact together--which is built specifically for this plugin.  Unlike other plugins, MustHave iOS isn't limited by the available ways for Unity and the iOS SDK to interact.  With this amazing feature, we are able to let you do many things:\
\
-Use all the UI you wouldn't otherwise be able to use (PickerViews, TableViews, etc)\
-Use Unity files and data types to interact with the iOS SDK.\
-And many other benefits!\
\
With MustHave iOS, there is NO NEED to code in two places or figure out how to do the complicated communication.  With this MustHave iOS, you won't have to worry about your custom code getting overwritten when you build out.  Everything is kept within Unity so you only build on one platform.  We will keep building this plugin as the iOS UIKit grows!\
\

\b IMPORTANT NOTES:
\b0 \
- BEFORE YOU START, please, please build out the Tutorial Scene provided to you in 'Assets/MustHave/iOS/Tutorial'.  Follow the tutorial while looking at the comments in the Tutorial scripts to guide you.\
- DO NOT MOVE THE SCRIPTS in the 'Assets/Plugins/iOS' folder.  This is placed specifically to be added to your XCODE project.\
- The classes, enums and functions are named identically to the iOS SDK! The only difference is that the classes and enums replace 'UI' with 'MH'.  So UIViewController becomes MHViewController.\
\
And that's it! Enjoy!\
-ALB\
\
}